# HiveHole

HiveHole is an exciting platform inspired by Reddit

## Goal

This application should let the users to signup/login. They can change their username, email, password, profile picture, bio. They should be able to create a hive _(community/group)_, the hive's name, profile picture, description can be changed by the owner or the moderators. Anyone can invite others to the hive, owner can give people moderator access. Anyone on the hive can send posts containing any form of text, image, video and gif. A post can have replies and those can have replies, the reply tree can only last to 6 levels. When writing a post, people will be given access to various markdown options and ping options. Replies can contain markdown but cannot contain images, videos nor gifs. Every post will have a character limit and so do the replies. Every reply and post will have a timestamp on their own. Posts can be upvoted or downvoted by anyone inside the hive. The hive can have a seperate page whether they show off their description, members and also the latest and most popular posts of all time. Posts and replies can be deleted by the original author or the higher authorities of the hive like the moderators and the owner. When the user is not in any hive, the user's homepage will display a lot of latest and popular posts from different popular hives that the user may not be in yet. Once the user is inside a hive, they will receive the hive related posts from now on. Users can join multiple hives and thus the homepage will have math algorithms to show the latest and most popular posts that may be much older in a single order, even if seperate pages for latest and popular posts exist. Users can view other's profile and also follow them to get posts that are posted by the following user. At last, a homepage will consist a mix of latest posts, popular posts with a lot of upvotes that could be much old like 1 year, other individual people's posts that the user follow.
